hi everyone so today is results day and
I'm going to be sharing with you my
final grade for my degree from the
University of Cambridge those of you who
don't know me i'm paige and a few weeks
ago I sat my final 3rd year exams for a
degree in Natural Sciences I specialized
in astrophysics this year it's been such
a great year content-wise
I really enjoyed the course it's also
been a really weird year because I sat
exams during a pandemic and I sat exams
in my bedroom everyone worked from home
teaching was all online last time
honestly I'm just proud of myself for
getting through exams in this weird
unprecedented time and if any of you
have also been seeing exams in the past
few months you should all be really
proud of yourselves as well I will just
quickly explain the grading system for
those of you who aren't familiar with it
at UK universities the grades range from
1/3 up to a 1st I will put up on the
screen here from best to worst I think
over the past few years my attitude
towards grades has changed there are
much more important things in life than
a grade in an exam and sometimes you do
need a little bit of perspective you
shouldn't be evaluating your self-worth
from exam marks my university experience
has been so much more than the grade
that I get at the end of it I'm just
saying I stress a lot less about grades
now than I used to anyway I would stop
rambling because I'm sure you're all
very keen to find out what grade I got I
filmed my reaction to my result earlier
luckily I set up my camera because I
wasn't expecting my results to be live
earlier today I think part of my
reaction is me being shocked to my
results being there in the first place
for anyway roll the clip of past page
receiving her results
I wasn't expecting my results to be up
there so I'm glad I started filming and
I got a 2:1 I'm very happy all right I
need to go tell my mom so yeah I got a
2:1 which is the second highest grade
out of the great possibilities and I am
very happy with it those of you who have
been watching my more recent videos will
know that the two one didn't come as
much of a surprise to me because a
safety net was implemented this year by
the University which meant that
finalists could not get a grade lower
than the grade we achieved in second
year and since I achieved a 2:1 and
second year I knew I was going to get at
least a 2:1 this year if someone had
said to me three years ago before I
started University that I would be
graduating from the University of
Cambridge with a 2:1 in three years time
I would have been ecstatic and honestly
I am ecstatic right now some of you
might be wondering if I'm disappointed
that I didn't get first but the honest
answer is no and this comes back to my
mantra that success is relative everyone
has their own goals and we shouldn't be
comparing ourselves to each other
rankings haven't been published this
year given the circumstances and I think
that was the right call to make I wish I
could be celebrating with my friends
right now but at some point in the
future I definitely will be I want to
thank all of you guys watching for all
of your support all of your comments on
my youtube videos and all the messages
you've sent me have all really spurred
me on next step is to graduate soon I am
going to be transitioning from student
to Cambridge graduate thank you so much
for watching thank you so much for
joining me on this university journey
like subscribe to my channel hit the
notification belt then you'll get a
notification every time I post a new
video so you don't have to miss any
follow my Instagram which is apt
underscore page underscore why and yes I
we'll see you guys soon with another
video bye
[Music]
you